a story from Genesis 18 Abraham and
Sarah were already very old and Sarah
was past the age of having children
Abraham was sitting at the entrance to
his head in the heat of the Sun he
looked up and he saw three strangers
standing nearby this was God visiting
when he saw them he hurried from the
entrance of his tent to meet them about
low to the ground he said let a little
water be brought and then you may wash
your feet and west under history when
Abraham hurried into the tent to Sarah
quick he said make some bread then
Abraham ran to the herd of cattle and
found a nice calf to eat and told a
servant to cook it then he brought some
yogurts and milk and the meat to the
three strangers while they ate he stood
near them under a tree where is your
wife Sarah they asked him in the tent he
said then God said I will return to you
about this time next year and Sarah your
wife will have a son now Sarah was
listening at the entrance to the tent so
Sarah laughed to herself
as she thought I am worn out and my
husband is very old always still to
enjoy the parents then God said Abraham
why did Sarah laugh and say will we
really have a child now that I'm old is
anything impossible for God